[suspenseful music]
- [Misty] This is
Midnight Misty, 91.7 FM.
[phone ringing]
[camera clicking]
[suspenseful music continues]
[sirens blaring]
[train rumbling]
[horn honking]
[Katy gasping]
[suspenseful music]
- What's up with you though?
You're acting like off.
- I haven't been sleeping.
My dreams.
- Dreams as like nightmares?
- I don't know.
Maybe someone
else's, maybe mine.
- Well, at least
you're dreaming.
Yeah.
Look, Katy, if you decide
to be happy, you will be.
- That work for you?
- Hell yeah.
Can't you tell baby?
Woo. This sucks.
[music volume increases]
Oh yeah.
We love Misty.
Come on.
- No.
- Come on.
[both giggling]
[upbeat music]
[car engine revving]
- [Chloe] Dweeb.
- [Jess] Dammit.
- [April] Fuck.
- [Chloe] Oh great.
- [April] What are we gonna do?
- [Jess] No phones, no service,
no signal.
Just a brilliant
fucking idea, Katy.
- We all agreed.
- I'll protect us.
- Oh here we go.
- What your muscles
gonna save us?
- Yeah, they can
flag a car down.
Yeah, these muscles can
speak any language.
- Depends on who's driving.
- Yeah, well start flexing
your muscles, Tarzan.
- It was my idea to
leave our phones.
I'll go for help.
- Yeah, I'll go.
- Yo, does anybody see that?
- [April] What?
- I don't know.
It looked like somebody was
standing in the road.
- Where?
I don't see anything.
- Maybe somebody saw us.
[dramatic music]
- [Jess] Told you guys
I could get us a ride.
- [Dallas] Need a lift?
- [Jess] Pretty much, Austin.
You heading that
way Roadside Tours?
- [Dallas] Looks like I am.
[suspenseful music]
[car engine revving]
- So Dallas, look I
know we've barely met
but is there
anywhere around here
that we could go like swimming
or you know, just along the way?
- Yeah, give us a tour.
- I know a spot we can go.
[dramatic music]
[rock splashes]
- Is that your business?
- Yeah.
- How's business?
- It's picking up.
- You from around here?
- It's home.
[gentle music]
- It's-it's beautiful.
- Yeah.
I love Texas.
So, what's in Austin?
- Music festival.
You ever been to one?
- No.
- Do you like music?
- Of course.
- You don't seem like
a tour van driver.
- And you don't strike me
as just a music festival goer.
- Very good.
[upbeat music]
[van engine revving]
[van doors closing]
[door bell jingles]
- Yo, what's up boss?
- [Jess] Run, ah! [laughing]
- Oh, oh. Ah.
- Ryan.
- Yeah?
- [April] Check this out.
- Oh wow, yeah.
[Ryan laughing]
Get the pink ones.
- The pink ones?
- [Ryan] Yeah.
- Okay. Here.
- Oh for me? Okay.
- [April] Yeah.
- Yeah, pose.
Damn I miss my phone.
Okay.
- [Ryan] Okay.
- Pose.
[imitates camera clicking]
- Yeah. Chloe.
- What's up? [laughing]
- See, you're having fun.
- I am.
- Here to party.
- Hey Ryan you
want a sour pickle? [snickers]
I feel like, I'm a little
nervous about Dallas
to be honest.
- Why?
What do you think about Dallas?
- Um, he's weird.
[suspenseful music]
- This is scary.
[door bell jingles]
Oh lighten up.
We're here to party.
- Hey Bubba, how you doing?
Got yourself another tour
going on out there?
- Picked 'em up.
Broke down out near
Fredericksburg.
- Fredericksburg?
What were you doing out there?
I mean, where you heading?
- Austin.
- Austin, that's all we need
is more strays around here.
- He's gorgeous.
- Yeah, you, you, okay.
- You wanna do him?
- No.
- You don't think, "Oh, Dallas,
I love you."
- Jess, what is wrong with you?
Seriously, is that
all you think about?
- Why not?
- What do you mean why not?
We're in the middle
of fucking nowhere.
- Yeah, so what else
are we gonna do?
- He hasn't said two words.
We don't know
anything about him.
- I love that.
- Okay.
- A guy who doesn't speak?
And just stands
there and looks hot?
- Why don't you just
have fun with this?
- Oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
- Hey listen, Levi came by and
wanted to talk to you uh...
I'd give him a call.
It sounded important.
- What'd he want?
- [Red] No idea.
Didn't ask him,
he didn't volunteer.
- Thanks, Red.
- I think you like him.
- No.
How did you gather that from
anything I was just saying?
- Chloe's in love.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Definitely.
[door creaking]
[suspenseful music]
[door bell jingles]
[suspenseful music continues]
- You forgot these.
- Oh, thanks.
[upbeat music]
[motorcycle revving]
[bell jingling]
- [Ryan] Hi.
Um, can we get a...
[suspenseful music]
You always smile like that
or am I just catching
you in a good mood?
- You flirt this
early in the evening
or is this a special occasion?
- It's a special taco.
Special smile too.
- You got a name?
- Ryan.
And yours?
- Maya.
- Maya, okay Maya.
Maybe if I'm lucky
you're the reason
this place feels
like a right detour.
- A detour?
[chips crunching]
- We're headed to
Austin, a music festival,
drinks, trouble,
if you're interested.
- You always invite
girls you just met
to just vanish with you?
- Maybe something closer?
Place next door.
Little bit of music
back patio, 20 minutes.
- You always move this fast?
- Only when I find something
I can't live without.
- 20 minutes.
- Okay.
- [Chloe] Ryan.
- [Ryan] Yeah?
- [Chloe] Can I talk
to you for a sec?
- [Ryan] What?
- [Chloe] Um...
- What?
- [Chloe] Who's that girl?
- I don't know, some girl, why?
- [Chloe] What's her name?
- Does that matter?
What's the problem?
- [Chloe] I'm just asking.
- What's the problem?
- [Chloe] Just tell
me what her name is.
- Are you mad at me right now?
- [Chloe] Just tell me.
- You're mad at me right now.
Chloe, why are you mad?
- [Chloe] I'm not mad, I'm
just asking a simple question.
- Yeah, you're mad
at me right now.
Well, you're like getting
up on me right now.
- [Chloe] Whatever, whatever.
- No, what's the problem?
- [Chloe] Just tell
me what her name is.
You don't wanna
tell me her name?
- What the fuck?
- [Chloe] Go get some tacos.
- Oh my god.
- Fuck.
- Just ignore him.
- Asshole.
[suspenseful music]
- Where did you hide my money?
Oh.
- [Rachel] Hey Bobby.
Hey Bobby, I need you to look up
a couple of plates for me in...
- Rachel Melon.
[laughs] Hot damn girl.
Woo, boy, it has been a leap
year since I seen you.
What are you doing here?
- Levi, what are you doing here?
- Oh, well I'm just picking
up some parts money.
- Uh huh.
Business as usual?
Business man.
- I'm always in business.
- I know business man.
Clearly you're still drinking
the same cheap stuff.
- [chuckles] Only when
I'm sentimental.
[both chuckle]
Hey, speaking of that,
we got a lot of catching
up to do, me and you,
why don't you come by
my place this evening, hmm?
- Same place?
- Yeah, I'm right up the street.
You can bring your
caboose to my caboose
and we'll get that
train horn a whistling.
[whistling]
- Okay.
- Ah.
Oh, uh...
- Huh?
- Don't let me down now.
Hmm.
- Always up, baby.
- [laughs] That's my girl.
[laughs] Woo.
- Always up, baby.
[tense music]
[sighs]
Come on, Levi.
Bitch.
[suspenseful music]
- You know, out here, this van,
picking up strangers,
you could be a killer.
- I've heard that before.
- I'm cool with it.
- [Dallas] You're cool
with me being a killer?
- I didn't say you were one.
I said you could be one.
- How do you know?
- I just know.
- [Dallas] How would it work?
- Easy.
You lure a bunch of
festival goers into your van
and drive us into the
middle of nowhere.
- Take you all
to a shady motel,
stalk everyone
through the night,
finish the job before
sunrise, right?
- Yeah, exactly.
Classic.
- [Dallas] What about you?
- [Katy] What about me?
- How would you do it?
- Same way.
- [Dallas] What
would be your weapon?
- I'm pretty good with a knife.
I like to cook.
But, anything sharp will do.
- Hey, so uh, where are we?
- There's a motel up the road.
We can stop there or
we can keep driving.
- No, let's stop.
- So, if we stop we still get
a ride in the morning, right?
- I'll be around.
[suspenseful music]
You going with them?
- No.
I like my own space.
What about you?
- Yeah.
I know the owner.
- Probably some
old creepy manager
who never sleeps.
Only takes cash.
- Close.
It's a kid named Brian
and he takes cards.
- Is there a place for
coffee around here?
- I know a spot.
- Let's go.
- [Misty] All right
night riders.
It's Midnight Misty on 91.7
keeping it low and dirty.
If you're hearing my voice
you've made it through
another sunset.
[light guitar music]
[sign flickers]
- So, you like
being a tour driver?
- You get used to it.
- Must be hard.
Being alone all the time.
- Most people would hate it.
- Most people.
I hate most people.
- Who are you mad at?
- The entire fucking
world of course.
[Dallas chuckles]
- Me too.
That's why I stay out here.
Do you think you would
hate it out here?
- No.
I think I would like it.
- Cool.
- I never really fit.
Out here, maybe things
would be different.
- Yeah.
Maybe they would.
[suspenseful music]
- There was a man
outside watching me.
- Black gloves?
- Yeah.
- Used to be a school
teacher, taught music,
someone said he touched
a kid in his class.
Just a rumor, never proven.
- So, what happened?
- Got chased out of
town, wife left him.
He lost everything.
I heard he roamed the
highways for a year,
came back wearing those gloves,
never took 'em off since.
- [Katy] Why?
- [Dallas] To remind everyone
what they did to him.
He doesn't talk to anyone.
[suspenseful music continues]
[crickets chirping]
- [Jess] Katy and Dallas.
- [April] Really?
Somebody's after somebody.
- Something's really
off about him.
- Well, Katy always
digs the weird ones.
- [Jess] But I mean, she didn't
even call dibs, you know?
Besides I've always
fantasized about
having a cowboy.
- Really?
Yeehaw.
- He's not even a real cowboy.
- [April] He is Chloe.
I'm gonna say hey, a
soda machine, who wants?
- Oh, bring me something.
[fingers snap]
- [Chloe] I'm good.
- I'll be back angels.
[lips smacking]
[April giggles]
[door closes]
- How are you doing tonight?
- Hey.
- Are you guys in town for long?
- Good question.
[pen clicking]
- [sighs] All right, you'll...
[keyboard clicking]
Perfect. All right, you'll be
in room eight, okay?
[shoes clicking]
- By the way, my friend
who checked in before me.
- Yeah?
- I think she's got, you know,
a little crush on you.
- [snickers] You think?
No, I don't know about that.
That's a bit of a stretch.
- I'd bet your life on it.
You should say hi.
- What's her name?
- April.
- All right, maybe I will.
- Have a good night.
[suspenseful music]
- I plan on it.
- So, what's up?
- I just don't
really trust Dallas.
- Okay.
I mean so what.
Katy digs the van driver.
My fucking car broke down
and I'm letting this shit go
so I think you should let it go.
We're gonna go to the festival.
We're gonna have a good time.
And I'm gonna get my
fucking car back.
Oh fuck, my car.
My car.
You know my grandparents
gave me that car?
I'm letting it go.
[suspenseful music]
[eerie laughing]
[eerie voices whispering]
[suspenseful music continues]
- Oh Jesus.
- Didn't mean to startle you.
- Fooled me.
God.
Oh.
- What's everybody doing?
- Just chilling.
- Hey um, a surprise
is coming your way.
- Surprise?
Ah, for me?
You finally getting
me a birthday present?
- No, not that.
Not saying nada.
You'll see.
- Tell me Katherine, right now.
- You'll get it when you get it.
- [laughs] Comforting.
Not.
- Come over if you're bored.
- I'll let everyone know.
[lips smack]
Ta ta.
[suspenseful music]
- Hmm.
Looks like we got
some new arrivals.
It's gonna be a good night.
- I don't know about
these guys, Levi.
Let's just leave 'em alone.
- [chuckles] Sure son.
- [Dallas] Hey,
I'm not your son.
[Levi sighs]
- Don't be like that.
I take care of you, don't I?
I give you what you need.
Gonna be a good night.
[Levi laughing]
[suspenseful music]
- What was your, what
was your name again?
- April.
- April, right, and
your friend's, Jess?
- Yeah, she's in there.
Want me to get her?
- No, no, no, no, I
was looking for you.
- Oh, why are you
looking for me?
- I noticed you.
- I noticed you too.
- Well, I'm here all night
so if you need anything
just let me know.
- Cool.
- Oh hey, what time
the pool close?
- The pool?
- Yeah.
- Technically it closed
six months ago but...
- Oh wow.
- It's still a great
spot to hang out so,
I got the keys so
I can let you in.
- Okay to do what?
Just...
- Oh, I mean my friends
come over all the time
and they might drop by tonight.
I mean, we just hang
out and have fun
and, I mean why not, I'm down.
It's a beautiful
evening as well so...
- Cool.
Perfect.
Well, just give me 20 minutes?
Does that work?
- Yeah, yeah that's
perfectly fine. 20's fine.
- Perfect. Cool.
Oh hey, do you get,
do you get high?
- Do I get high?
- Yeah.
- Yeah sure, I mean
all the time so...
Oh, actually I can
call my friend Wade,
he lives basically
right up the street.
- Perfect.
So, he can meet
my other friends.
That's perfect.
- Yeah for sure, yeah.
Actually I'll go call him.
- Cool.
See you then.
- You're rolling
through the dark
with Midnight Misty on 91.7
where the air's thick,
the roads are thin
and the truth is
somewhere in between.
If you're driving right now
maybe towards
something, maybe away,
just know the dark
doesn't care who you are.
It's only curious about
what you're doing next.
[van engine revving]
- [Dallas] Why would you
let me pick you up?
- [hitchhiker] I
thought it would be fun.
- [Dallas] You
shouldn't be here.
I'm not safe.
- Neither am I.
Have you ever picked up
the wrong person before?
- What do you mean?
- You ever picked
up someone thinking
it was gonna be one kind of ride
but it turns into
something else?
Like if you got into
a stranger's car
thinking you was gonna rob him
but then it turns out
the driver was worse.
- Worse how?
- Like, you thought
you had the upper hand
then you realize the driver
had done this before.
A lot before, right?
Planned for it.
She would never see her coming.
What's so special about her?
- She's different.
She knows what I'm capable of
and she's not scared.
- You know, some people
think they're the wolf.
They forget how many
hunters are out there.
Thanks for the ride.
[door clicking]
- Woo. [sniffles]
La di da.
[Rachel laughing]
Home sweet hell hole.
- [Rachel] All right.
This, this looks just
about how I remembered it.
- Mm-hmm.
So do you. [chuckles]
Tell me, what the
hell you been up to?
- Oh you know,
lottery and traveled the
world, done their piece.
But what about you, Levi?
- Besides missing you?
[scoffs]
- You missed me?
- So...
...you still ba-a-a-dd girl?
Hmm?
[Rachel gulping]
- Hm.
Woo, oh.
[speaking in a foreign language]
- Ah, oui, oui.
[Rachel laughs]
- Mm.
Woo.
You still got a ladies room?
- Oh.
It's all genders these days.
Have at it.
- [Rachel] Good, don't wait up.
- No, I won't be waiting
but I will be up.
[Rachel chuckles]
[scoffs]
Broke ass bitch.
What the fuck?
[suspenseful music]
- I don't like it here.
- What, the motel?
I mean, it's not bad.
Remember that dump we
stayed in last night?
- No, it's not just the
motel, it's everything.
The van, the
watering hole, Katy.
- Katy?
- Did you hear her
and Dallas talking?
- What were they whispering?
Sweet nothings?
- They were joking
about killers.
About how he could be one.
About how this is the
kind of place it happens.
- Jesus Chloe, you realize
people joke about that shit
all the time.
- Yeah, well they shouldn't.
Everybody's so obsessed
with all that killer shit.
- So, let me just
get this straight,
you think Dallas
picked us all up
so he can murder
us and then kill us
like we're in some twisted
road trip slasher flick?
- Why not?
Happens all the time.
And we don't know
shit about this guy.
- I think he's hot.
- [scoffs] You would.
- Look, you're spiraling.
- [Chloe] No, I'm finally
seeing into focus.
- Right.
So, what do you wanna do, huh?
Wanna walk to Austin?
- Jess, it feels like
we took a wrong turn
and we weren't supposed
to be here, you know?
Now everything feels off.
We're not gonna make
it to this festival.
We're all gonna fucking die.
[tense music]
- This is about Ryan.
- Are you out of your mind?
- I know you saw him go
off with that taco chick.
[suspenseful music]
- Are you really saying
these words right now?
I'm telling you
we're all gonna die
and you think this
is about Ryan?
- Chloe, you need to get a grip.
- You're not listening to me.
- [Jess] You're overreacting.
- I'm overreacting?
Besides it was really fucked up
what you did last
night with Ryan.
You really pushed it.
- You know what?
I'm not doing this Chloe.
You need to call your
fucking therapist.
- Okay, right, deflect and bail.
Classic Jess.
- Look, I'm gonna
go get a drink.
You wanna sit and sulk
or are you coming?
- I'm gonna stay here and sulk.
- Fine.
Like I give a shit, just...
[door opens]
[door closes]
[coughing]
- You good?
- Yeah, I'm good.
- Seem wasted already.
- [Brian] No, are you kidding?
I'm not wasted.
- All right.
[Brian coughing]
- [Brian] Hey Wade.
- Yeah.
- I think I might just
be a little bit wasted.
- That's cool, that's cool.
Hey, are you gonna talk to her?
Should I...
- Yes, I'm gonna talk to her
but she has a friend so
ask her what her
friend's name is.
I'm sure she'll say something.
- [Wade] Hey, what
room's your friend
staying in again?
- [April] 104.
- 104.
- [April] Oo, oo, tell her I
need her if she says no, okay?
- [Wade] Got it, got it.
- [April] Cool.
[suspenseful music]
- Shit.
- Come on Rachel,
you can do this.
[breathing deeply, exhales]
[gasping] Okay, okay.
[Rachel gasping]
- You shut up.
You are a fucking pig.
Now, you failed to
mention that to me
on your return tour.
I'm a give you 10
seconds to tell me
why out of all the
miles on this road
and all the faces I done forgot,
why is yours showing up
here now with a badge?
I will be fucking
forced to do something
I do not wanna do.
- Because I'm investigating
the Travel Log Murders.
[gasping] And they sent
me here because,
because I'm from here.
- Hm. [snorts]
Is that what they calling 'em?
- Yes. [gasping]
- Hey, it's a catchy name.
I could have come
up with better.
All right, go on, get.
Leave your shit.
[Rachel yelling]
[suspenseful music]
- Hey, I'm Wade,
friends with Brian.
The guy that checked you in.
- Yeah.
- Listen, we're out by the
pool chilling, hanging,
thought maybe you'd
like to join us.
April said she needed your help.
- [scoffs] I'm sure she did.
Um, look, thanks for the
offer but I think
I'm just gonna watch
some TV and go to bed.
I'm kinda tired.
- Man, you can come
get high with us.
- I'm okay, thank you though.
Maybe next time.
- You're absolutely
a million, billion,
trillion percent sure?
- [snickers] Yes, I'm a million,
billion, trillion percent sure.
- All right.
Well, you know where to find us.
I'll see ya.
Bye.
- Bye.
- Do you think he has
a chance with her?
- Uh, let's see.
Hopefully.
Man, it's beautiful, right?
I wish I had my phone.
- Yeah, it's kinda like just
being by myself at this
place most of the time.
That's why I like it so much.
- Really?
You work here right?
- Oh yeah.
- Let me break it to you buddy,
but you don't do a great
job with the maintenance.
- Well, the pool's not
really my specialty anymore
but I mean, everything
inside and what not.
- Hey.
I like you.
- I like you too.
[upbeat music]
- So, what's a pretty girl
like you doing drinking alone?
I mean, if that's your thing.
- My thing is free drinks.
- Well, lucky me.
So what, you just
passing through?
- Depends on the company.
- What kind of company
keeps you still?
- Well, someone
with a better drink,
good smile, someone that
doesn't ask too many questions.
- You know I'm two out
of the three, right?
I'm still working
on the last one sweetie.
Excuse me, can we get
something that burns slow?
[suspenseful music]
[Chloe sighs]
[faucet clicks]
- [Chloe laughs] Oh really?
Come on.
Ah!
[suspenseful music]
[upbeat music]
- We uh, we drinking or
are we competing?
- A little of both
if you're lucky.
- Here's to passing through.
- Or stopping by
just long enough
to stay interesting.
You wanna dance?
- What is it?
- Something to
make you feel more.
- How?
- Whatever you wanna feel.
It makes you feel more of it.
[upbeat music continues]
[suspenseful music]
[Chloe screaming]
[both panting]
[TV chattering]
[phone ringing]
- Calling me after midnight?
- Sleeping?
- Can't sleep.
I keep wondering when
you're coming to get me.
- You're safe for now.
- Can't say the same for you.
- Are you locking
your door tonight?
- You gonna try and open it?
- You're good with
knives, remember?
I don't wanna get hurt.
- What's your room number?
[suspenseful music]
[phone clicking]
[panting]
[suspenseful music continues]
[screaming]
[panting]
[grunting]
- [Misty] 1 a.m. strikes babies
and you're still out there
and I'm still in here playing
the very best from
Texas high sides
for you all night long.
We've got a special
request on the line.
Let's hear it.
- [Dallas] Yeah,
for someone riding
a little closer than she thinks.
- Mm, well you
got a name, sugar?
- She'll know.
Just play something for Katy.
Something that hurts a little.
- [Misty] Well, that's
tender with teeth.
Katy, if you're out there,
from a voice you may remember
or maybe you're
trying to forget,
this is Midnight Misty, 91.7 FM.
[record scratches, plays]
[upbeat music]
[upbeat music continues]
[upbeat music fades]
- How's your coffee, Hank?
- Perfect.
Like it is every time.
You ever get scared being
here at night, you know?
All alone.
- Never really think about it.
I just finish my
shift and go home.
Why do you ask?
- This road right here
runs all the way to Austin.
A few towns in between
but not much else.
Started about five years ago,
folks went missing,
bodies showed up.
Travelers, locals, men, women.
[scoffs] No one's
ever been caught.
- Really?
What's got you thinking
about that tonight?
- Just an old man
talking I guess,
making conversation.
- [Levi] Get you
little bunny. [laughs]
Come on now.
Damn, this thing is rigged.
Shh. [scoffs]
Hm. Hm.
Well, well, well.
Evening Hank.
- Levi.
- You are up late tonight.
Busy planning the
town's bright future?
- It's just coffee.
- Mm-hmm.
Tell me, what is it
that you have in mind
for our humble little
slice of heaven pie
we got here?
- Town where folks don't need to
look over their shoulder.
Peaceful, quiet, free
of troublemakers.
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah, yeah, you
know peace and quiet,
that comes in, in all
shapes and sizes.
Same as troublemakers
last I checked.
- Let's just say, I aim to
narrow down the definitions,
make 'em real clear like.
- Huh? Small towns.
Ah.
Oh, yeah.
You know sometimes I,
[sighs]
I sit up at night
thinking about this,
just troubles me deeply.
I mean here you are,
a pillar of the town.
You wanna do good.
Just make everybody happy
and yet you couldn't stop
the one thing that landed
you here in the first place
from happening?
- Didn't know you had
the ability to think.
You looking to stir up trouble,
you're picking the wrong man.
- Lower your quills
now, Hanky boy.
It's just an observation.
- Very perceptive.
- All right gentlemen,
closing time.
I think it's time
we call it a night.
- Hm.
Yeah.
[chair banging]
Your optimism is
truly inspiring.
Tell you what, why don't
you let me cover your tab?
It's the least I could do
for the town's self
appointed tough guy.
- [Hank] Look at you.
I'll cover my own, thank you.
- Eh, suit yourself.
I'm a little short
tonight anyway.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ah.
Y'all have a good night.
Oh, Janet, tell you something,
you are getting
foxier and foxier
every time I see you.
Oh, speaking of foxy,
I ran into an old
friend of ours, Rachel.
Let me tell you,
she is looking fine as
a drawer full of silver.
Mm, mm, mm.
If I, if I bump into her again
I'll tell her you said howdy.
- That's very generous again.
- Good evening,
and uh, careful out there.
There's a lot of shadows
between here and home.
Woo.
[door creaking closed]
- Every time that man leaves
I pray he won't come back.
- Maybe I'll do us all a favor.
[key jingles]
- [Misty] All right, midnight
movers and heart bruisers,
this is your final
lullaby for the night.
If you made it through the night
mm, consider yourself lucky.
Not everybody does.
- [Brian] All right.
Um.
Yeah.
- [April] Wow.
- Check this out.
- Damn. Woo.
Watch out.
That thing's huge.
Something's been killed
with this before.
Great.
[suspenseful music]
God no, please.
I'll do anything.
I'll join you.
Please don't kill me, sir.
- Oh, I've got
other plans though.
- Like what?
- Like this.
Let's get a room, huh?
- Sorry to hear
it didn't work out
between you and Travis.
- Yeah.
Well, we weren't meant to be.
- Heard it was another man.
- Yeah.
You know, rumors...
They love small towns.
No, we just, we didn't work out.
We weren't right.
- Guess some folks don't
have a finish line.
Well,
you uh, be safe
closing up, Janet.
[suspenseful music]
- Night, Hank.
[both giggling]
[door banging]
- Somebody's got bad timing.
- Well, it's
probably just April.
She's probably drunk
and forgot her key.
[suspenseful music]
- All right, you owe
us one now shitheads.
[phone ringing]
How can I help you?
Who?
Oh, I'm sorry,
there's only big bad
psycho killers here.
[phone banging]
[Jess laughing]
- No, no Mr. Monster.
Please don't kill me.
I just wanna go to
the music festival.
Oh, you're a cowboy?
No, I only like big bad cowboys.
This just isn't going to work.
[suspenseful music]
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Yeah, yeah he's right here.
It's your wife.
- So, I'm never coming home...
- No, ever.
[Jess laughing]
[knocking on door]
- [cowboy] You've gotta be...
[banging on door]
[suspenseful music]
- [Jess] Holy shit, Katy.
- [Katy] What are
you guys doing?
- [Jess] Well, take
a fucking wild guess.
Hey, have you seen Chloe?
[door closing]
- [Katy] I haven't seen her.
- [Jess] Where the
hell did she go?
[suspenseful music]
[door squeaking]
[suspenseful music continues]
- Hey.
Hey. [yelling]
Let me out of here.
Son of a bitch.
[panting]
Get me out of here.
Get me out.
- Hey Bubba, how you doing?
Come on in.
What's up?
- Not much.
Just meeting Levi.
There's this girl.
There's something about her.
- Can I tell you a story?
Years ago there was this girl.
She used to come up
here and ride her bike,
her motorcycle and that
girl had so much energy,
so much fire.
I swear that girl
actually told the sun
when to set and when to wake up.
That's what she was like.
It was almost like she
was daring the world
to just disappoint her.
One night we were talking
and she ended up
saying, you know Red,
don't let 'em kill ya 'cause
they're gonna kill ya.
And then she was gone.
- Think she thinks about you?
- Gotta hope so.
[chuckles] That'd be nice but
I mean you know,
it was such a long time ago.
- Yeah.
Hey, did you find the...
- I took care of that.
I cleaned it up.
I'm gonna tell you right now
I'm a little bit hostile at Levi
because that boy's
getting really sloppy.
You need to be very careful
when you go out with that guy.
You really like this girl?
Okay.
Well, go find out.
- Thanks, Red.
[door creaks, closes]
[suspenseful music]
[April gasps]
- Hey.
You dozed off.
You okay?
- Yeah.
- I had a nightmare.
- A nightmare?
What happened?
- Someone killed us.
- [chuckles] No, I mean I'm,
I'm still here.
I'm here, okay?
Nothing's gonna happen.
Everything's gonna
be all fine and good.
Trust me.
- [cowboy] You ever heard
that story about Ricky?
- Who's Ricky?
- About 10 years
ago, long time ago,
there was this guy
named Ricky, all right?
He used to drive this old van.
When he was driving it
these kids started
going missing.
Guess what they found?
- [Jess] Hm?
- [cowboy] Their heads cut off
in the back of his van.
I'm being serious.
[Jess mumbles]
I don't know, but I heard a
rumor that he's back.
We should probably stay
in and watch out.
[suspenseful music]
- You know, I dig you, April.
Let's get out of here tonight.
Just us, we can,
we can take my car.
I've got money saved and
drive straight to Austin.
I'm serious.
I think it'd be great.
We could both
experience the festival
for the first time together.
[April chuckles]
- Let's do it.
[April screaming]
- What the hell
are you doing here?
[door bell jingles]
- Surprise.
I got a body in the back.
Get in.
[Dallas sighs]
[van door closes]
[van engine revving]
[tense music]
Guess you didn't miss
this place after all,
did ya darling?
You look troubled.
- You brought a
dead woman to Red's.
You think I'm not?
- You've driven worse.
Hey, don't play the
preacher boy now.
- [Dallas] You didn't
have to kill her.
- She was a cop.
It was her or us.
- Jesus, I can't be in this.
There was a dead trucker
on the road today.
- God dammit Dallas, what'd
I tell you about that?
You don't go killing
nobody near town never.
- It wasn't me.
- Then who was it?
One of them travelers you with?
- I don't know.
It doesn't matter.
- What do you mean
it don't matter?
- I'm done, Levi.
I'm out.
- Pull the fuck over.
- One thing to do.
One thing, stay
up here at night.
You know how crazy
shit gets around here.
- I know, I messed up, Hank.
- Did you say, Hank?
- Sir, I meant,
I meant sir.
- [Hank] No damn excuses.
You call A&M yet?
- No, not, not yet.
- I figured.
Get off your ass and do it.
Your father and I go way back.
That's why you got this job.
You've been messing
with my hatchet.
- I was showing it to that girl.
- That's what I'm saying.
Pull your head out.
Put it back where you found it.
- Yes, sir.
[hatchet clanging]
- Going up to the house.
- [Brian] Yes, sir.
- I don't want you
copping Z's up here.
Somebody might come in.
- Yes sir, I understand.
- [Hank] Ah, sucker.
- You don't get to quit.
Shit.
No, hell no.
No, sir.
No, you are a killer.
You are a cold
blooded, calculated,
no mercy killer.
That's what you are.
Now, come on.
- [Dallas] No man, not anymore.
- [Levi] Out, not anymore.
- [Dallas] Let go of me, man.
- [Levi] Go.
You don't walk away from this.
Hell no.
You even try I will tell
your daddy everything
and then where will
you be sitting?
No, no, you finish
all of them tonight.
I want IDs, belongings,
everything, just like always.
You hearing me boy?
- Ha.
Action!
[Dallas grunting]
After everything
I done for you
this is how you repay me?
Boy, I'm gonna have to
bury two bodies tonight.
[suspenseful music]
[Dallas gasping]
[Levi grunting]
Who the fuck are you?
Tell me!
[Levi groaning]
[neck snaps]
[panting]
[suspenseful music continues]
[van engine revving]
- Before I let go
of this long night
let me say this,
to the one out there
with someone else's name
hiding from the reflection
of your face in the mirror
you can change voices,
you can change cars,
you can change
towns but guess what
the dark knows who you are.
[Dallas panting]
[phone ringing]
[suspenseful music]
[eerie voices whispering]
- Aren't you busy?
- Why would I be?
- Hacking up the others.
- They're your friends.
- And?
- What's the plan for tomorrow?
- Who says you'll
be around tomorrow?
[eerie voices whispering]
- Guess I need
to keep my blade close.
- Might not be a bad idea.
- Should I be scared?
- I wouldn't say scared.
More like aware.
- Maybe you're the one
that should be scared.
[suspenseful music continues]
- So, what's your plan?
- Guess you'll have to
stick around and find out.
[Katy breathing heavily]
- I'm sleeping with my knife.
- Smart girl.
[phone banging]
[suspenseful music]
[coins jingling]
[machine beeping]
[cowboy mumbles]
[eerie voices laughing]
[suspenseful music continues]
[eerie voices whispering]
[cowboy grunting]
[suspenseful music]
- [April] Hey.
- Hey.
Sorry about earlier.
That was Hank.
He checks in on me
every now and then
so I should have
told you about that.
- [April] Yeah.
That was a lot.
- I know, I'm...
I'm genuinely sorry.
You wanna sit?
- You meant it?
What you said about leaving
and taking me to Austin.
- Yeah, I did.
- [Misty] Well that one
goes out
to whoever's out
there driving alone
with nothing but
headlights and guilt
to keep 'em company.
You're tuned into
the late side of life
with Midnight Misty on 91.7 FM
where nothing good happens
but you keep missing it anyways.
All right then, let's dance.
You're live with Midnight Misty.
Don't bore me,
I don't like cowards.
- [Caller] You're dead.
[breathing heavily]
- Oh, well hello.
- You're
dead before sunrise.
[phone line clicks]
[Misty sighs]
- Look at that,
we got a tough guy
with a voice changer
and a bedtime.
I'll tell you what, I'm
free tonight, come for me.
You wanna kill me?
Shoot the doors wide open.
I'll be the one with
the glowing red light
but I'll say this,
you better bring something
sharp and know how to use it
'cause I got a hot coffee
and a cold 38 ready to fly.
I'll even cue up a theme song.
[suspenseful music]
[banging on door]
Hello?
- Hey girlie.
- Jesus Billy, you scared
the shit out of me.
I oughtta hit you just
out of principle.
- No hitting, my makeup
is too perfect tonight.
Calm down.
- Calm down?
I'm gonna have to talk shit
to my own shadow tonight
to get to go to sleep.
- Didn't know you
were still live.
I came early, thought I'd chill.
- What, you didn't
bring any hot coffee?
- No, did you really need it?
- Jesus, your mom ever tell you
you're a disappointment?
You look good in pink though.
- Anything else darling?
- [Misty] Hit the
lights, would ya?
- You got it.
- [Misty] Jesus.
[upbeat music]
- [Jess] That
dickhead split on me.
He took his car.
He didn't say shit.
Chloe's gone.
She never came back last night.
- She went with April
and Brian I bet.
- [Jess] Fuck, I don't know.
Fuck this.
- I'm gonna take one
more look inside.
Wanna come?
- [Jess] Hell no, my
head's killing me.
[van door closes]
[light flickering]
[suspenseful music]
[eerie voices whispering]
[Katy laughing]
- Did you find anything?
- She wasn't in there.
Not around anywhere.
- Maybe um, maybe
she did hook up with
April and that front desk dude.
Fuck.
Guys, let's just get
really far away from here.
Let's just go to
the festival, right?
We're gonna have
fun at the festival.
- Pull over.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
[suspenseful music]
- Ow, geez what the fuck, guys?
Where the fuck are we going?
[van engine revving]
[birds chirping]
Shit.
Katy, what the
hell are we doing?
[suspenseful music continues]
- Look in the bag.
[bag unzips]
[Jess screaming]
Little change of plans.
You're not gonna make
it to the festival.
- Katy, what the fuck is this?
I'm so god damn--
[Jess groans]
[eerie voices whispering]
[body thuds]
[eerie voices whispering,
crying]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Dallas yelling]
[Katy yelling]
[both yelling]
[Katy breathing heavily]
- Guess that's two of us now.
- No.
- No?
- [Dallas] Why the trucker?
- Never liked truckers.
- And your friends?
- Didn't like them much either.
[suspenseful music]
- Feel better?
- I only have one
feeling right now.
- You won't win.
- Still gonna try.
[Katy yelling]
[Dallas yelling]
[suspenseful music continues]
- Why didn't you kill me?
[Katy panting]
- Because I love you.
[gentle upbeat music]
[knife hits ground]
- We can be good people.
If we don't kill anyone anymore.
- I'll try.
- [Misty] If you're out there
driving, windows cracked,
soul just a little bit bruised,
you're in the right place
because this is Midnight Misty
and you're tuned in to
the last safe frequency
on the dial.
Tonight feels like
ghosts are hitchhiking
with old regrets and
outstretched thumbs
begging for a ride
just a few exits past
where you were supposed to stop
but you didn't, did you?
Nope, none of us do.
They say the desert
doesn't forget,
it holds on to heat, secrets and
sometimes the
shape of the last thing
that screamed into the silence.
What have you screamed
into your pillow lately?
Into your past, into
the ear of someone
who said they'd never
leave but they did anyways.
I know baby, I know.
Some wounds don't
bleed, they just...
...echo.
But you're not alone
in that rear view.
Not tonight.
We're all chasing
something in the dark.
Forgiveness, truth, or maybe
just the right song
to cry into.
So, keep your eyes on the road
because not every light
up ahead is a motel.
Some are just illusions
waiting to burn you
and some are the
beginning of the end.
This is your lullaby
for the damned.
I'm Midnight Misty at 91.7.
[dramatic upbeat music]
[sirens blaring]
- [officer over speaker]
Turn your vehicle off.
[keys jingle]
[engine stops]
Yeah, this is Travis Wilkes.
I got a 1080 on a
black El Camino.
DL83...
- Yeah, we'll be
good, we'll be good.
He's just gonna check my ID.
- Okay, yeah.
- [Brian] We're on
the way to a festival.
I'm sure he's pulling
over tons of people.
- Good, we're almost there.
- [Brian] Yeah, we're almost
there anyway so he's just
probably gonna give us a pass.
[suspenseful music]
[Brian chatting indistinctly]
- [April] You think?
- I think.
- [April] Thank you. [laughing]
- Alright, here we go.
I got my license, everything.
- [April] Yeah.
- Where are you two headed?
- Daddy, I want
you to meet Katy.
- [Hank] Son, you
guys in a accident?
- Uh we tried to
kill each other.
[Hank chuckles]
- [Hank] Must be true love.
Good to meet you, Katy.
Please join us.
- Nice to meet you.
[chair rumbles]
- Where's Travis?
I want him to meet Katy.
- [Hank] Uh, he's working.
Should be home anytime soon.
Let's bow our head and pray.
[suspenseful music]
[eerie voices whispering]
[upbeat music]
[upbeat music continues]